Add DR Metric scraping capability to debug command (#15316)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/15316.txt

```release-note:improvement

> cli: vault debug can now collect metrics from a DR Secondary cluster if unauthenticated metrics access is enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cli/debug: added support for retrieving metrics from DR clusters if `unauthenticated_metrics_access` is enabled
```
